clean: delete and remove the old sql-translator (for snowflake) [TCTC-4391] (#1536)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: server/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - **BEAKING CHANGES**: Removed the support for the old sql-translator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Breaking

* Dropped support for the old snowflake  SQL translator
```

> - **BEAKING CHANGES**: Removed the support for the old sql-translator

Author: https://github.com/ToucanToco/weaverbird/pull/1536/commits/d6e9fcaec7db8b2d8153ae5bfb4167610525d22b
